# Where is the fighting spirit?

Do I really wanna do it? that is the question that has been bothering me for a while now. I miss my dad a lot, and since he has gone I don't even know if I'm the same person anymore.

Life feels like going downhill everyday, is it something that I am feeling? or is it really happening? how much do the feelings even matter?

## Talk to self
I know you miss him, it's ok to miss the people you love, I know you are still stuck there, you don't know how to heal yourself. It was unfair to you, it shouldn't have happened. He was your source for everything, even if he wasn't the reason for you to do things, his absence has left you directionless and soulless. No one understands how you feel, the question you ask yourself is, how do I deal with it?

there was a time when I used to think, "If I'm alive, might as well make the best of it", if i'm living why not live the best life I possibly can. But I don't feel like doing it anymore.

You are suffering. I don't know if there is an end to it, when sad, i'm supposed to seek happiness, but I don't know what makes me happy because doesn't matter what I do, I am always going to miss him and never be fully happy.

Why it had to happen with me? a part of my heart says that there is no point in asking "why me?" because it has already happened.

Am I just looking for people to talk to? am I that weak that I cannot even ask for help? there are conflicting ideas, there is nothing that someone can do to help me and make me feel better, but maybe I just want to be heard, I don't want pity, I cannot accept pity.

Why am I doing this? I don't know.