
The problem is simple, and there are many approaches to solve this.

- reverse the list, remove the nth node from the beginning and re-reverse the list and return the head.
- Two pointers

### Two pointers

Two pointers are needed, and a gap of N nodes is needed between them.

For example

List = `1->2->3->4->5` and n = 2

`1->2->3->4(left)->5->Null(right)` 2nd node from the end is 4 and it needs to be removed.

So, the boundary condition is when the right reaches Null and there is a gap of `one Node` between then, we have to remove the node at the left pointer.

But to remove a node, we need the node just left to it, so we need to change the conditions a bit, so that left pointer points to the node left to the node that needs to be removed, instead of pointing to the node that needs to be removed.

So, it becomes, `1->2->3(left)->4->5->Null(right)`. Similarly if N was 3. the list becomes
`1->2(left)->3->4->5->Null(right)`.

The pattern here is:
- There should be n nodes between left and right pointer
- Right pointer should point to null in the end

#### How to get a gap of N nodes between the left and right pointer

There is a big constraint when applying this, size of list and N (gap) can be the same, so the left cannot point at head in the beginning.

example:
`1->2->3->4->5` n=5, so the node to be removed is 1, in this case, the head needs to be moved ahead by one point. but our above approach will raise an error

`1(left)->2->3->4->5->Null(right)` we can never get a gap of N nodes between left and right with this approach. so we will need an extra node to work with.

`Dummy(left)->1->2->3->4->5->Null(right)` this will work. so to get a gap of N nodes between left and right pointer is below.

```python
dummy = ListNode(0, head)
left = dummy
right = head
# starting gap is 0 (left and right are next to each other)
while n>0 and right:
	right = right.next
```

The approach:

```python
class ListNode():
	def __init__(self, value=0, next=None):
	self.value=value
	self.next=next

class Solution():
	def removeNthNodeFromEnd(self, head:ListNode | None, n: int)-> ListNode | None:
	dummy = ListNode(0, head)
	left = dummy
	right = head
	# creating a gap of n nodes between left and right
	while n>= and right:
		right = right.next

	# Traversing the list till right points to None
	while right:
		left = left.next
		right = right.next

	# Finally removing the node next to left.
	left = left.next.next
	# return the head node
	return dummy.next
```

other approaches will be tested later on.